	

STANFORD ACADEMIC SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR SAI

	Academic Research Use Software License Agreement

1. This is a legal agreement between you (“RECIPIENT” or “you”), and
THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY (“STANFORD”).
Stanford has an assignment to “SAI” (“Software”) which was developed in the
laboratory of Professor Oussama Khatib.

2. By downloading or otherwise receiving and using Software, including any
accompanying information, materials or manuals you are agreeing to be bound
by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of this
Agreement, promptly delete the Software from your storage.

3. STANFORD grants to RECIPIENT a royalty-free, nonexclusive, and
nontransferable license to use, copy and modify the Software furnished
hereunder, upon the terms and conditions set out below.

4. RECIPIENT acknowledges that the Software is a research tool still in the
development stage and that it is being supplied as is, without any
accompanying services, support or improvements from STANFORD. STANFORD makes
no representations and extends no warranties of any kind, either express or
implied other than set out in this agreement.

5. RECIPIENT agrees to use the Software solely for internal academic
non-commercial purposes and shall not distribute or transfer it to another
location or to any other person without prior written permission from
STANFORD.

6. RECIPIENT acknowledges that any modifications to the Software made by
RECIPIENT will be considered a derivative of Software and owned by STANFORD.

7. RECIPIENT may not further distribute Software without express written
permission of STANFORD. If permission to transfer the Software is given,
RECIPIENT warrants that RECIPIENT will not remove or export any part of the
Software from the United States except in full compliance with all United
States export regulations and other applicable laws.

8. RECIPIENT will use the Software in compliance with all applicable laws,
policies and regulations including, but not limited to, any approvals,
informed consent and patient confidentiality principles.

9. RECIPIENT will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend STANFORD against any
claim of any kind arising out of or related to the exercise of any rights
granted under this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement by RECIPIENT.

10. IN NO EVENT WILL STANFORD BE LIABLE TO ANY ENTITY OR PERSON FOR DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST
PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF STANFORD HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. STANFORD SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY
AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS.” STANFORD HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE
MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

11. Title and copyright to the Software and any derivatives and any associated
documentation shall at all times remain with STANFORD, and RECIPIENT agrees to
preserve same.

12. If RECIPIENT plans to publish any peer reviewed papers, abstracts, or
similar publications, RECIPIENT agrees to grant to acknowledge Software and
its creators in a manner consistent with academic practice.

13. This agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days
written notice to the other party.  In the event of termination, RECIPIENT
shall destroy or return immediately all Software and all copies thereof to
STANFORD upon STANFORD’s request.


	


